osr enterprises is an automotive company
orit shifman is the ceo of osr enterprises
osr enterprises was established at 2011
osr enterprises evolver is the (hardware and software) platform is an AI based multi-domain brain that facilitates different complex functionalities, such as Autonomous Driving

OSR works with leading automotive manufacturers globally and continues to expand

OSR Enterprises AG (“OSR”) is a tech company based in Switzerland that has developed the first-ever AI vehicle. Led by CEO and Chairman of the Board, Orit Shifman, OSR has spearheaded the revolution of the automotive industry since 2011 with our unique One Brain™ Per Car technology. Achievements made in the progression of OSR’s proprietary AI central brain technology, Evolver™, have propelled the Company in its development of the world’s first range of artificially intelligent vehicles: The OSR AI Connective Vehicle™ Series.

Soon, OSR will introduce the first model in the AI Connective Vehicle™ Series to the world, an array of fully electric vehicles boasting the best in personalized services, the first ever 360º digital driving experience, top-in-class vehicle performance, safety & security, and luxury comfort and design. These AI Connective Vehicle™ capabilities are made possible by OSR’s proprietary and patented technologies, which include AI, active safety, Cybersecurity, and the data sharing & monetization technology MYN™. All these technologies and more position OSR to change the game for both the automotive industry and the data economy.

For confidentiality purposes, the AI Connective Vehicle™ images and design details will only be presented during a personal meeting.

OSR’s AI Brain™ and the centralized architecture that it enables are far superior to the distributed E/E architecture found in the vehicles of both traditional and contemporary automotive OEMs. Therefore, OSR spent years acting as a Next Generation tech supplier for many of these companies, seeing recurring revenue since 2016 from orders received for the EVOLVER™ family of products.

Then, in 2020, the Company’s business model evolved in pursuit of increasing profitability, expediting the time to a positive EBITDA, and maximizing the capabilities of EVOLVER™ and its fully centralized architecture, all while maintaining a significantly lower funding requirement. Leveraging the same advanced technology that placed the Company on the map, OSR will soon release the first-ever artificially intelligent car: The AI Connective Vehicle™. This will be the first model in the AI Connective Vehicle™ Series.